to interrupt you there we've got
pictures that are coming from uh from
alaz at the moment showing our
correspondent wild D who's on that
gurnie in a hospital that I can't yet
identify uh as you were telling us
earlier on he has appears to have been
injured they appear to be treating at
the moment we should remember wild duu
had several members of his family killed
and injured in an Israeli strike uh some
weeks ago he then went back to work and
was reporting the following day after he
had uh uh been through the funeral
service for those members of his family
these pictures we believe that are
coming from a hospital in conun I want
to bring in our uh senior political
analyst um Marwan bashara this is just
an indication of the kind of risks that
um obviously all people in Gaza are
facing but of course journalists as well
who are trying to report on the
situation there you know
um I'm honestly uh you know I got tired
of uh of um of having to watch this
where our colleagues have to go through
this uh you know it seems like it's a
it's a Non-Stop thing against not just
uh innocent civilians but innocent
journalists trying to do their job uh
we've been covering
our our colleagues and their families
being subjected to uh the kind of uh
inhumane violence uh by the Israelis
throughout Palestine and even in Lebanon
and it's just an ongoing nightmare that
doesn't seem to stop but once again you
know this is the thing about uh our
people at Al jazer they are our family
and their families also are going
through this and here they are in front
of our eyes in plain sight uh for the
international public opinion just to
watch uh what is happening in
Gaza of course our uh our journalists
tend to be part and parcel of the fabric
of the societies they cover and and in
the case of Gaza of course we are are
unique in being present there with all
our young uh professionals uh doing
their jobs in and out and as you said
Rob despite all difficulties despite the
death of uh his family uh so many
members of his close family died uh or
killed uh by the Israeli violence and he
rebounded within minutes to do his job
and here he is again now he is the
victim W our our you know our bureau
chief that's been going there for years
and years and years steadfast you know
with his people covering the story of
his uh the suffering of his people just
basically um reporting on what is
happening in Gaza to the rest of the
world but Israel um you know not only
attacks innocent civilians it attacks
those who try to get their voice heard
their cries heard in the rest of the
world I want to go back to Han Mahmud
who of course is one of our Al jazer
teams who are on the grand has been
reporting for for several weeks now
since the conflict began honey just
first of all talk to us about uh while
himself talk to us about um the the kind
of person that w d is because I know
that he has been reporting uh from uh
Gaza for so many years he's regarded as
an institution there he's not somebody
that I have personally met but I know
that you and the members of your team
may have done so talk to us about
that
yes yes Tom we've we've known well for
uh for quite a while a very professional
uh a journalist doing his job to uh the
best of his ability cons focusing on
facts and only facts without painting
any any flowery image of what's going on
and this is a in his in his opinion as
once we discuss it this is what
Palestinians need just to stick to the
facts and what's going on the ground
it's the this the strongest message
possible uh to the world to explain the
Palestinian app well it on on the third
week of this genocidal War just lost his
his wife three of his children and
several other of his family members and
despite the the shocking news of his
family L well on the next day after the
uh the funeral procession they decided
to get back
uh in the field and continue reporting
and documenting all the the the the
atrocities and the the Relentless
attacks on on on on defenseless
Palestinians across uh the Gaza Strip
and particularly today uh the incident
at the school earlier this morning this
evacuation School in haa Street that's a
in in in in eastern in central khun it's
an evacuation uh Center and the area
this is not the first time being
targeted was targeted repeatedly within
the past few days it came under heavy
gunfire tank shells arer shelling the
vicinity of the school was was destroyed
by air strikes uh as well the vast
majority of the infrastructure the roads
leading to the school were were severely
uh damaged so the school was full of
evacu but due the int intensity of the
uh of the bombing uh several uh people
decided to leave and move to the western
side only remaining the school those who
had no other place uh to go to and
basically who believe that there is no
safe place to go in in the Gaza Strip so
we're talking about at least 20 families
remain in that school and as early hours
of this morning and this is the daily
routine of so many this place if not all
of them this place and evacuates in the
G STP the daily routine of queuing in
line for water and bread mainly women
and and little kids do this along with
their either older siblings or their
fathers they were in the yard of the
hospital when it came under heavy
artillery shelling and tank shells uh uh
this morning 12 people were killed
mainly children and women and that's
once again that we're seeing an entire
generations of children being being
targeted and killed and when we talk
about the the level of precision and
technology used in this weapon but we
look at the victims a lot of people
Express frustration that it's done on
purpose a parent who lost two of his
kids in this school talked that
frustrated about the fact that Israel
could have avoided the Israeli military
could have avoided killing the children
but in fact they did it and they killed
uh they killed them so those 12 were
rushed to the hospital mainly women and
children 25 other with several critical
injuries and this is the aftermath of
what's going on it adds more pressure on
the hospitals it already suffer from
lack of of medical supplies and
Necessities to keep it surviving but the
the tsunami of injuries has put so much
pressure on health facility and making
it over overwhelmed so far what we know
about the conditions of while he was
shot in in his the upper right arm as
not shot sorry but as a drone fired the
missiles as sharpen now just hit him in
the upper side of his right arm and his
cameraman uh was was also hit with a
sharp n but his injuries is more
critical and it took time for the
ambulance to get to the area it came
under heavy Fire by the Israeli military
it took time to get him to the hospital
the last thing we heard that he's being
he is undergoing a surgery right now in
the hospital just to remove any of the
uh the the sharpen no that are still in
inside his his body honey for now thank
you very much indeed